The digital marketing
test has 20 questions
and 25 correct answers.
I’m sure there are many
answers that are eliminatory.
What are the benefits of inbound
marketing?
It is important to understand the
difference between inbound and outbound.
Inbound marketing has many benefits.
We do not pay
for traffic.
Is it more stable and sustainable?
Once you have had success
in an inbound marketing
strategy, imagine, then
a content marketing strategy
or SEO, etc.
You will generate traffic in
a sustainable way.
And the conversion of leads and
visits is higher too, because keep
in mind that the inbound, as you are
attracting with interesting content,
the quality of traffic
is higher.
The wrong answer in
this case is this.
Inbound marketing does not have a higher
return in the short term.
In fact, inbound marketing you
have to be aware that the main
disadvantage is that it is a
more medium-term strategy.
Is Inbound Marketing more customer-centric?
Yes, it is more client-centered.
You have in mind that outbound
marketing, which is traditional
advertising, we do what we
do is impact you through different
supports at different times,
etc.
Instead, in the inbound what we
do is attract you with content that
interests you.
Is content marketing an inbound
marketing strategy?
Is Inbound Marketing Free?
No to.
What happens with inbound marketing
is that we don’t pay directly
for that traffic, but we have to
invest, because we have to
have dedicated staff, generate
content, videos, texts,
blogs, etc., because it has
a cost.
After all, we have to invest
in inbound marketing.
What is the highest quality
traffic?
It regenerates a higher conversion
ratio because you are attracting
traffic or people who are more
aligned with your value proposal,
etc., so they will
buy more.
And the average ticket is higher, or the
customer lifetime value, that is,
they will be spent more per person.
In fact, both are correct.
One of the goals or benefits
of a traffic attraction strategy
is to generate awareness or
branding, to know us or
to promote the brand, etc.
It is common sense,
right?
If you are attracting visitors to
your website or you are getting
your ads to impress a lot of people,
well, you are actually generating
brand, aren’t you?
Although you can then convert
or not, that maybe conversion
is the main goal we have to have,
but what is clear is that
we contribute positively
to the brand.
What are the main levers
in traffic generation or
attraction strategies?
Volume, cost per visit, quality of
traffic, all the previous ones.
The correct answer is all the
previous ones.
The levers, after all, are to generate
more traffic at a lower cost and
that it is of higher quality.
Display campaigns can be hired.
What options do we have?
We can hire it directly
with support, we agree
with the medium, through agencies
and through programming
platforms.
All three answers are correct.
The advantages in social media
advertising, social media
marketing over SEM, if we make
a comparison, what are they?
We go one by one.
It allows us to do more
tracking along the funnel.
Social media has the
benefits that can impact
them.
Many times you can condition it based
on whether they have visited
us, not visited us, that they
have left us the data and it is
a lead, that they have bought, etc.
You can do a good job on a
social network.
The bidirectionality is greater, clearly.
We can put more enriched ads.
Yes, it allows us many different
formats, carousels, photos, texts,
everything.
The segmentation is also greater.
Social media allows you to
segment a lot, for example, think
on LinkedIn.
You can do a professional segmentation
with very detailed, depending
on the type of work, the
company you work in, etc.
Thus, they are all correct.
The main disadvantage of advertising
on social media is that you
have to face a considerable
minimum investment.
This is false, because in social
networks, platforms like Twitter,
Facebook, LinkedIn, etc.
They allow us to invest very little money.
Starting a campaign with very little investment.
The ROI of campaign B is higher than
that of campaign A.
Here we must take into account the
following.
We have attracted the same number
of visitors.
We see that here, in this case,
in the case of campaign B, we have
spent more money.
That is, the cost per visit
is higher.
However, then, when we make the final
account, we convert more and, in
addition, every person who buys
spends more money.
We must make the final
account.
In this case, we sold 100 units.
We sold 200 units.
Why is?
The conversion rate is higher.
Then we multiply it
by the average ticket.
If we count, we will find that
the ROI of the B campaign is
higher.
How bigger is it?
The ROI of the B campaign is
3.2.
For every euro we invest, we
generate 3.2 sales.
In display campaigns, all cost
models are possible.
It is indeed so.
But the most common, almost
always, is the CPM.
SEM is more immediate than SEO.
Yes, SEM is an outbound strategy
in which we pay for those
ads.
SEO is pure email marketing.
In this case, it is more immediate,
the return is more short-term in the SEM.
We have made changes on the website.
Imagine, you changed the texts,
you changed a header, you changed
the structure, you put a
pop-up, whatever you want.
What we need to know is whether these changes
have gone to better or worse.
So what metric can we use?
We always have two options.
First, look at the conversion
ratios, the percentages.
Second, we must consider absolute values.
For example, sales or leads.
We always have to
look at the percentages.
Because it is that absolute values
take into account that they can depend,
for example, on the traffic you have
already generated that day.
You have invested more or less
in marketing.
The percentages do not deceive us.
The percentages tell us what
percentage of those customers
have done what we want.
Whether it is to leave the data, buy, etc.
Conversion rates are always
a better indicator.
If we work on lead nurturing,
what are we going to improve?
The CPM.
CPM is what you pay for every
1,000 impressions in an ad.
Lead nurturing has nothing to do
with it.
CPL is the cost per lead, which makes
it difficult to capture each lead.
Nor is it.
Lead nurturing, what helps
us is that once we have leads,
we will make them better.
Therefore, the cost per
acquisition, or also the cost
of customer acquisition, will
be lower.
Usability is key when
we sell low-impact products.
For example, we have a
30 euro glasses.
That is something very immediate, of
little importance, say, of low implication.
Or when we sell high-impact
products, in which we need
a lot of information.
We need to mature it, etc.
Well, because usability is more
important when we sell
low-impact products.
The influencers who have the most
engagement are those who have
a larger or smaller community or
audience.
The smaller the audience, the
more relationship there is, the more engagement
there is between the community or the
audience and the influencer.
What can we do to optimize
conversions along the funnel?
Let us see.
Well, here what we are asked is
to select the wrong one, but let’
s see one by one.
Attracting high quality traffic.
Because the higher the quality
of traffic, the greater
the conversion.
Can we impact those who have
visited us again through retargeting?
Also perfectly.
Can we create a lead nurturing
strategy?
Yes, to leads that we can impact
again through emails, etc.
Optimize conversions on the web,
improving usability, for example,
improving CTAs and more?
Or minimize the cost per thousand
of campaigns?
This last one has nothing to
do with it.
Minimizing the cost per thousand
of campaigns has nothing to do with
conversions.
And finally, how is lead nurturing
done?
Well, because mainly through
an email flow using
a marketing automation
tool.
Subscribe to the channel!